All right.
So we are on box Belaire.
This is one of the harder ones in my opinion at least it was for me.
Everyone has difficulty with their own set of algorithms but I found this one particularly difficult
what we're doing here is we are taking the values we're going to omit the edges and we only want to
have the center of values in our example here.
There's only one center value because all of the values around it are on the edge and then we want to
go ahead and create a get the value rounded down to in the center from all the values so last night
we had to study which side a party instead.
Poor decisions.
Now there's black and white photo of you this will go viral.
You cannot let this ruin your expectations.
You want to apply a box or algorithm to hide its content.
The algorithm works as follows.
Each pixel acts in the resulting image has a value equal to the average value of the input images pixels
values from the three by three square with the Center at X all pixels at the edges are corrupt pixels
those integer all fractions should be rounded down so you'll see here and then give an example.
Pixels are covering the value pixel that was obtained by adding these numbers together.
Get 15 over 9 9 values in here.
Round down to 1.
Now we're dealing with more than just why three by three.
This is it any Square starting at 3 by 3.
So a hint is the push and Matloff floor let's good and jump into it.
All right so what we're going to be returning is a double nested array and so we can start with that.
By defining this rez which is short for resolution Conte's rez set is equal to an empty array and then
eventually we want to return rise here after we have done modifying it.
Now the way that we have to sort of think about this is what is it that we're really trying to accomplish
here and what it is is we're trying to avoid the edges.
So we have some interesting math here.
Did do that and we're actually going to be having essentially triple nested array to find out what are
edge values which are not.
And then this was the hardest part was just trying to figure out how to look at the problem.
So the first thing we can do is to look at the y coordinates so that if I were actually into this the
Y and then we're going to the image that's being passed in length.
Mine is to avoid the edges and then we can increment by 1.
Now what we're going to do is we're going to create a line here and we're going to set this equal to
an empty array.
This eventually will be the item that we push.
Once we have finished doing our box Blar right.
So did it drop off my quote.
So.
Oh because I have infinite loop here.
Well y is less than average length of two.
So next we have to get we say OK we've set up our Y to handle that.
Now we need set up R X right so that x equals zero while X is less than the image.
And now we're passing in the y value.
Not length because there is an array as well.
Mine is to one to not want to ignore that here.
So then X-post was all right.
So now that we're over x and y coordinate we have to find the average value for that and that takes
two more nested loops because we've essentially eliminated some of the edges and so we're going to have
here is some are initialized to zero.
And then we're going to count.
And this will be what we are going to use for our divider.
And now we're going to have two more nested loops.
Yeah I know it's quite quite intricate.
So I say let a little why.
Because we're initialized and there a is less than Y plus 3 A plus plus R.
So that plus streak again is handling the the edge cases and then we're going to do nested B.
This is essentially really the way I like to look at it as a one plus why one sort of thing.
So it's not handling the edge cases.
Excuse me.
So those plus threes.
Remember we're dealing with a 9 by 9 grade and that's what those averages are for each one if it just
happens we only have 1 9 by 9 grid here.
But if we had another row of data we'd have won 9 by 9.
Second 9 by 9 and then we'd have two values in our array.
And that's what we're handling here.
So now we're going ahead and do the B which would be essentially X to an hour and say while B is less
than X plus 3 because again we're dealing with that 9 by nine grid and increment by 1.
All right.
Now that we've done that we're almost there.
Now we just have to add the sum together and this is going to be the image of index of index B and then
we're going to increment count by 1 and then we go ahead and we can go ahead and just outside of the
for loop right here.
We can say line
push and what are we pushing them over pushing math thought floor because remember we were going to
divide.
Here you want it to be an integer.
Matt the floor the sum count and line is the value that we've created here.
And once we've iterated through each of these iterations what we're going to do right before while still
within this loop is we are going to take a rest.
And we're going to push that line to it and we're done us quite a bit going on here.
The first thing is to handle the edge cases.
This is for the second thing is to to create some variables to keep track of your count.
The third thing is to write third and fourth I guess is to essentially do that nine by nine area here
which is our objective and then push that value and finally and when you're done with your nine by nines
here you are finally going to push the line or so quite a bit of logic to get accomplished.
This was a very hard one for me.
If you have a better solution please do share.
But this is how I did it.